c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\JCStratJobApp.dll.config
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\JCStratJobApp.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\JCStratJobApp.pdb
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\obj\Debug\JCStratJobApp.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\obj\Debug\JCStratJobApp.pdb
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\obj\Debug\JCStratJobApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jaydaninco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JCStratJobApp\JCStratJobApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
